# Quizzy Promts used


### 1. Initial. Plan mode is used. Several questions asked by agent
<em>I want to create a small web application.

The backend will be .NET Core 9 API, the frontend will be Vue 3, and the database will be SQLite.

The purpose of the application is a quiz system with different difficulty levels:

easy

medium

hard

Questions can be of two types:

Multiple choice questions (with answer options).

Open text questions, where the user types the answer manually.

For open text answers, the system should be able to analyze the relevance or similarity of the answer, not just perform an exact character-by-character comparison.

Questions and answers may contain:

text

images

audio

Quizzes will be managed through an admin page, where it should be possible to:

create quizzes

edit quizzes

delete quizzes

At the initial stage, the system should include one quiz for each difficulty level (easy, medium, hard), and each quiz should contain 10 questions.

The application must also support user registration and authentication using JWT tokens, so that it is possible to:

store quiz attempt history

allow users to participate in a ranking/leaderboard among other users

The main page should be a nice-looking but not overloaded landing page.
It should also display user leaderboards for each difficulty level.

There should be a button to start the game, which opens an authentication modal.</em>

### 2. Implementation. Agent mode, Claude Opus 4.6

<em>start implementation</em>


### 3. API project split with Awesome Copilot "C# Expert" custom agent 

<em>split current single API project in the #file:backend into multiple: Data, Logic, API
ensure nothing is broken.
Create branch and then PR for this change. Generate readme 
Create readme file to breifely decribe project and instructions how to run the application</em>

### 4. Added unit tests into API project  with Awesome Copilot "C# Expert" custom agent

<em>Add unit tests for backend part in the #file:backend ask me if you have doubts what to use for unit tests</em>

### 5. Added unit tests into UI  project  with Awesome Copilot "Expert Vue.js Frontend Engineer" custom agent

<em> add unit test for the UI application part in the #file:frontend ask me what to use if you have options, after done create PR</em>

### 6. Added screenshots and readme with details generated by the agent

<em>I want info file created (readme.md) inside #file:images  containing app screenshots showing app possibiility with few details for each emage. Each image has its  function in file name there dont try to recognize image and only rely on image file name and your knowledge about application. 
newly create readme.md file should be referenced from root #file:README.md 

after done create PR</em>